We confirm that this repository is the work of our team, except where clearly indicated in the text.

what the aim of this text file is:

"you are required to create a text document in your repository that details what your team plans to do
and what tasks are allocated to each team member. This document should be updated at least once per week
showing what tasks have been completed, explaining any problems that arose, and if any tasks are to be
allocated to different team members. There is no penalty from not being able to complete your weekly tasks
that your team has assigned to you, in fact, that is the reason we need teamwork, because often one person
cannot achieve all they set out to do initially."

plan for the project:

We plan on splitting up the coursework evenly as follows:
Charlie - Grid search & Bisection
Holly - Multivariate Newton
Ilana - Gauss-Newton & Report
Chenyu - Univariate Newton

we will each work on our respective code and then collate this into the parent optimisation function.
we will meet in person frequently in order to talk through issues in person

timeline of project:
11/11 - First in person meeting
      - Grid Search & funoptim started.
12/11 - Bisection started
14/11 - Multivariate Newton started & added functions to be called without importing
18/11 - Error checks added to parent function & improved roxygen use
19/11 - Univariate Newton & Gauss-Newton started
20/11 - Second in-person meeting, DELAYED from 19/11 due to scheduling conflicts
      - function descriptions written & lots of debugging
      - some issues with the data argument in the Newton optimisers. Functions had difficulty when argument was not provided. SOLVED 20/11,
      added wrapper function to stealthily pass data argument if necessary.
21/11 - tested functions, help files written manually
      - lots of issues with Gauss-Newton encountered - it was thought that the [data] parameter needed to be optional within each function,
      but of course this is not possible with the Gauss-Newton method. Several failed attempts at resolving this. SOLVED 23/11.
      - started writing report
      - similary, both the Grid search and Bisection methods had a wrapper introduced so that the functions
      would work when the input function took data as a variable.
22/11 - lots of debugging and testing
23/11 - debugging & changed help files to be made by roxygen so that the package could be built.
      - Finally realised GN method could not work without a dataframe, added stop & error message if no data input is provided.
      - Removed the wrapper function from the grid search and bisection methods and instead required
      the input function to take only one variable.
24/11 - Third in-person meeting
      - formal test file added to repository and test functions run. Minor edits to functions.

For a more detailed timeline, see the Github repository commit history.
